I would like to start by asking you to give me a brief overview of the running time. The research allowance has been in place since 2020, which means that retrospective development content can also be attached. What's important is  But it's always important that the entire project duration is staked out. This means that if, for example, it started in 2021, but still extends into the future, that you also cover the entire project duration up to the productive stage. How about XSL Cat . I would definitely take the starting point of January 1, 2023. Annalena, yes, that's in your interest and Alex also because we had a project before  that was funded with subsidies and Annalena did a lot and they are kind of it, it's kind of one-to-one, now after this project from January then turned into XXL cat. That's how I would do it.  Now I don't know anything about the runtime, is there anything that's good, should you take it time, should you do it quickly, should you do it quickly, should you do a typical project duration: four years, over four years, I wouldn't recommend between three to four years, would be very good, so one year not short, we would definitely take the customer in with us, then I would immediately  So one year is not enough. We would definitely take the dog inside. Then I would... Two years. Say this goal, then I would really do it that way. Because we want to get the cat done faster than four years now. That's when our boss kills us. But we want to, we had it that way... Annalena, you'll have to interrupt me if  But we had thought that we would sort of grab the dog afterwards, because the work is similar  similarly not the same but that's why I would maybe call it XXL cat and slash and slash horse then probably three to four years I would then also mean four years  years for my peace of mind. This should be processed in a nested way, so to speak, what we have learned from the cat, then transferred to the dog, so to speak. There  You also have a learning effect that it always merges into each other, just like baking cakes. And the cake is after four years, but we don't make more than four years. All right, that means by the end of 26  or should we put it by the middle of 26? 23, 24, 25, Annalena, I mean I don't care. He's in his late 26s. Then we have a big project with four years, where you write hours  yes, I think so too. There will always be something to readjust or something like that, even if it works, then there will be new tests or something else to optimize. So I think there will be a need at the beginning. Yes, yes. All right. We have to be able to present this as  We have to be able to present this as the most methodical approach possible. This means that a methodology is developed in practice, using the example of cats, and that this can then also be transferred to dogs and horses.  Ideally, this also means a methodical approach to transferring it to other species, so that you can ideally demonstrate here that, i.e. the funding is there for the prototype, that practically paves the way, just using the example of cat,  cat dog horse or it could in principle be transferred to other animal species afterwards. That's how they want to write it, so they don't want the cat as a prototype and then the transfer to dog and horse, but that you  We're going to do that for the cattle or are we going to beat it to death? Yes, the funding goes all the way to the prototype. And if we say that practically only the cat is the prototype, then after that it would no longer be eligible. I'm also writing down a bit of a promotion.  The dog is definitely not exhausted with the development in the cat. This is part of what we can already implement methodically with the cat. But it's definitely the case that there will be another year, one and a half,  to have the dog complete and with the horse there are other things to consider. So it's true. So the dog has many more markers, I'll say, than the cat, that he is aware of many more diseases. Annalena, you're correcting me, it's technically more of a challenge,  Since naming the hereditary diseases correctly, defining them. Exactly, that you do the right calling. Now you have already gone to the content. I would ask you to be able to explain the  goal of the project in general, i.e. really with cat, dog and horse, because that's the first chapter in the end. So the examiner must ultimately be able to recognize by distinguishing it from the state of the art and also how it is currently carried out according to  state of the art. Do you like Annalena? Yes, I'm happy to. With the products that are to be developed for dogs, cats and horses, we want to give  customers, breeders, veterinarians, private individuals the opportunity to evaluate the genetic health of their own animal in its entirety, sometimes beyond what is already known for the individual  breeds, and on the other hand to promote animal health in the future,  because this can and should really flow directly into the breeding decisions in order to  make it possible, especially within breeds that are bred a bit more closely, that the animals do not completely get sicker and sicker in the next 50 to 100 years. That's how I would sum it up now. I have enclosed a short quality checklist here  to accompany the application and how the application is always structured, so that you have a rough direction. We always have to describe a sentence about the state of the art, i.e. according to the current state of the art, this is done this way and that, then  what the project goal is, then also the demarcation from the state of the art, to what extent the state of the art is expanded and the knowledge is expanded at your company and then finally, what the project result should be. Maybe you could just ask a quick  question about the project, especially in relation to this Next Generation Sequencing. So let's put into perspective the extent to which you have already used it, the extent to which it is a new technique for you, the extent to which it is something new for detecting hereditary diseases in cats, dogs, horses . So now verbally or then for the application? Oral, oral. We formulate on the basis of that's why the recording is running. We formulate the application from this. Okay, so then I would say that the current state of the art is that we don't use high-throughput technology yet  to study all the genetic markup of an animal. Instead, we mainly have individual tests and smaller products that are applied to breed-specific.  Next generation sequencing as a technology is what we're using for DNA profiling right now. The main focus is on parentage analyses and the genetic fingerprint of animals. The goal of the project would then be  What I had formulated earlier, that it is primarily about animal health, of one's own animal, but also of the species that we want to cover as a whole. State-of-the-art technology?  Above all, we are expanding into larger genetic variants in this area. So simpler tests are mainly snips if but  genetic causes, complicated sense with larger insertions, deletions, inversions, whatever. This is where we want to expand our next-generation sequencing technology. The project result would be  would then be one product for each of different animal species, which contains this suffix XXL, which in the best case, yes in the best case, contains all, but probably all  hereditary diseases in the species and traits that can be mapped with the technology. Ideally, we can substantiate the application with one or two target values. So maybe you can quantify all hereditary diseases a little bit  than how much should be achieved at least or worth in other numbers? Ugh, difficult. So at least in numbers I wouldn't say, because it's  extremely different for dogs, cats and horses. And since the hereditary diseases are constantly being developed, new ones are constantly being added, I would actually rather say that it would perhaps be our goal to continuously cover a large part of  and I would say maybe more than 60 percent of the known diseases in the respective species and that really depends on whether this is even possible with the  technology. There are just some things that prevent us from doing that. That's why I have a hard time with the number. But that's a good numerical value. So no one is going to pin down on the fact that just for an examiner who simply has to recognize a lot in  very little text, i.e. the application has one page, and that's why just such a number sheet is always very good. Then I actually want to move on to the operation of the work, i.e. here it is answered how you want to realize the whole thing, there must be a  methodical approach recognizable. So if you just start here with the work steps that you will ultimately carry out and then also go into the new method on your part, that the  gain can be recognized for the examiner and also in the knowledge gap for you is closed by this, so the good first step is that you have to carry out a complete scientific analysis of all currently  hereditary diseases in the three different species. This is actually quite a complex work package, because it means that you always have to understand and recreate it in the scientific publications themselves. Then  then it has to be implemented in the so-called panels that the NGS technology works with. One panel for each species. Then the third step would be the evaluation  of the tests that we map. Of course, we also have to make sure that this should not only deliver the correct result from a technical point of view, but that it does. That is, we have to compare the well-known animals  with the results that we get with the new technology, with the NGS technology, and maybe then bring the whole thing as fit for the work package in the way that then arrives at the customer again in an understandable way . We can't train them with 200 pages of text at the end. It has to be adapted to the different types of people so that they can do something with it. Wonderful, thank you very much.  At the end of the day, could you rewrite the prototype a little better, i.e. the way in which it is understandable to the customer. Do you have a little better idea of what the end result should look like?  Is this a test kit or are you doing the tests? The output is then the analysis? In the end, the customer only sends us  DNA of his animal, either with blood or with swabs or with hair on the horse often. We are then responsible for everything that goes from DNA extraction to carrying out all genetic tests  tests, then the evaluation and then the processing that it should go back to the customer and I would say that this can probably be done in either an application, an app or a  web-based presentation, where a customer then sees his single animal or his several animals,  which he can then analyze, also look at in the long run. Maybe even compare with others. And  That's something, if I can go in for a moment, what's completely new. At the moment we are making findings that were originally on paper, which are now sent as e-mails, but of course not as they might look like in this case with an app. So this is also a  completely new product, a whole new form of diagnosis. Yes all right. Above all, the comparison of the Prennness to other animals is certainly an important point here, which cannot be carried out at present. No,  can't be done. What do you mean by comparison to others? At the end of the day, when you analyze the whole genome, you have to take into account the big picture, and you don't just test  for one specific disease. But that's why I don't necessarily use other animals in this case. No, that's not what I meant by other animals. I did not express that.  Okay, great. I would also like to comment on the next point, namely the extent to which the product fits into your sector of the economy in question. You mentioned a few points earlier.  But now we have to take a closer look at what the state of the art currently looks like and to what extent it will also be exceeded in terms of next generation sequencing. Maybe a few points about what we're doing at the moment  moment we're doing ourselves. We offer the individual tests, where the customer has to say, I want my animal to be tested for PHA, for DM, whatever, or just these individual packages, which are a bit dependent on the breed. And in  And in that case, it would be the case that really everything that is possible is tested. That's one difference. And that's why they are different methods, because of course the individual tests don't run via NGS, but via different methodology.  And so, in the big picture, in the economic branch, yes, that's what you mean by that, classify in the economy branch, other companies that also do testing for diseases or other things, just with  advertisers. Of course, there are other companies that also offer the packages, as we do.  And there are also some who offer a lot of tests together, whether they all offer or this 60 percent that we are aiming for, I can't say now. Yes, so the examiners who are familiar with the departments  Of course, we are not as experts as you are and therefore simply need a classification of whether MGS is already offered by other competitors for the characterization of earth diseases in cats, dogs, horses or whether this is something new.  I think that's something new in that respect, because they're using, because that would also be a market advantage, so we want to try that with NGS, with Next Generation Sequencing. Other big  vendors like Mars, the Mars Regal company, they offer something similar, but with microarrays. And you have advantages and disadvantages, so the NGS is more difficult  to reach the goal, but you have the advantage that you are always up to date quickly with NGS. An array, you have to order what do I know 100,000 or 10000 arrays, it's set in stone.  if they want to add a new marker, it takes time. At NGS, we can react relatively quickly, where we also see a market advantage over our competitors. So I know, Mars doesn't do NGS history  for these many inheritances, but they do micro-arrays. That would be a classic competitor, but still. They also compete with us, I have to say. But as I said, we approach the story differently, which has advantages and  also disadvantages. Can you then also refer to the fact that it, so you probably know better about that now, but you mentioned earlier that more and more lean or other  is being added, that is, it is a very fast-moving product. This is very fast-moving, in my opinion a new marker will soon be added every few weeks, it's even faster. Whether they are important for the customer or not, that remains to be seen , but new markers are constantly being added. Is this due to overbreeding or is it because it is much more researched? This is being researched more intensively. The technologies are much faster. As our  researcher colleague in Switzerland said, it's always quick and dirty and it's really quick, so he does, knocks out one test after the other, I'll put it this way. Then you have to react quickly, to the customer, we are also in the platform  The dog hears it, the Tosso lives in Switzerland, has new tests, Laboclean has to offer it. That's what we're doing, but as I said, you can't react so quickly with such high-throughput technology. But you can react much faster with NGS  than with the micro arrays. Then we can definitely explain the motivation behind the project well and also the market advantage. Is it also possible to quantify how quickly they can react to it, i.e. within  fewer days, weeks, months? Oh Annalena, this will take a few weeks. I would have guessed that within a month or two you could react,  if it were necessary. And compared to microarrays, how long does it typically take if you really want to react? So if you throw away everything that you have now, if you  want to, then you can I think within three to six months you could make a reaction like that, but that's just not something you do. You actually go  up to two years in advance, because only then do the development costs pay off and you have to work them off accordingly before you order a new badge again. The question was aimed at the  concrete numerical values. So that's a very clear market advantage, i.e. the time, the timeline. The customer will then have it quickly if he has thought about it. Class. Well, then I would like to go into the next point. The next point  also refers to the differentiation from existing technologies in your company. It would be important for the auditor to classify whether you have ever dealt with Next Generation Sequencing in the company. If so, what's the difference here and if not, the  That's perfectly adequate. Yes, we have had this, i.e. Next Generation Sequencing, in our company since 2020. And we are currently using it for genetic fingerprinting in dogs.  and to study genetic variability in dogs as well. We don't have a product for cats yet, we don't have one for horses, and  we don't have anything that is offered with hereditary diseases. If you could only for the examiner, we sometimes don't know how close the examiner is really involved in terms of know-how, could you  you could go into more detail about what the difference is, if you now want to recognize a pure fingerprint and really want to refer to hereditary diseases, that the examiner can simply differentiate the methodology behind it again. Yes, of course, so  With genetic fingerprinting, you examine positions in the genome that have no effect on the health, age, lifestyle or anything else of the animal. These are so-called SNPs, i.e.  nucleotide polymorphisms, which were selected by a scientific committee to identify an animal in a total of 100 to 300 of them.  There's not going to be another dog that's exactly the same when you look at these 230 snips that we offer in total. In the case of hereditary diseases, it is a completely different approach. The first thing you have to know is what exactly  genetically triggers the hereditary disease and then exactly this position is investigated. In other words, an average of one to three positions per hereditary disease, which must then be integrated together in order to obtain the result.  In the case of the genetic fingerprint, several hundred, but only for the identification of the animal and for parentage analysis, as well as to a certain extent the genetic variability of an animal in relation to the breed. Sorry  In the DNA profile, these snips are examined, so to speak, whereas in the case of hereditary diseases, the majority of them are also snips. But of course it can also be other mutations, such as insertion, deletion, large duplication, whatever.  That's another big difference, isn't it? Yes, the DNA profile is purely SNP-based and hereditary diseases have a lot of complex biology that they have to map or that we have to map in our project. And at the end of the day, the analysis will probably be much more complex, i.e. whether it really presents a hereditary disease. Definite. The other one is also a bit more complex. Yes, it's also a bit more complex. Yes, it's also a bit more complex. Yes, it's also a bit more complex. Yes, it's also a bit more complex. Yes, it's also a bit more complex. yes, that's also a little bit more complex  And in the end, the analysis will probably be much more complex, so whether there's a hereditary disease, because in the other there's only the identification. Yes, it also needs to be given a higher level of security, because if we look at 230 snips  to identify an animal, you have a certain level of uncertainty about what's allowed. So two to three snips can also be wrong. In the end, you have no room for manoeuvre at all with the hereditary disease. That must be right. That  has a really big impact on the animal itself. That's very good, thank you very much. Then the last section, the last chapter is usually always the most difficult.  One test criterion is the criterion of imponderables, the so-called technical risks. We have to be specific about the development content they are doing, and in order to realize this prototype, we also have to take risks , insofar as the project could have been tailored. Accordingly, we typically add two to three really relevant risks or even really points where you don't even know whether this approach is effective at all.  Do you have a few buzzwords for me where we could pinpoint the risks? Yes, Alex do. On the one hand, there will be these mutations that are not snips  snips. We already have some experience with the snips. I mean, even then, it may be that you don't detect them properly. Maybe also because of wider fingers. Or falsely detected. Or mistakes happen. Exactly, that mistakes happen that we can't get out by double or  triple testing, but I think a big risk are these insertions of the lessons, that you just can't get them right and therefore simply don't achieve your goal of including enough hereditary diseases in this XXL package and then it's actually worth it.  That would be the first thing that comes to mind. Just to conclude the insertions and detections briefly, can you briefly explain why this is so difficult?  When it comes to detection, I can explain it relatively well why it's difficult to detect something that's no longer there. But when it comes to insertion, how do you go about it and why could it fail?  Annalena, do you like? Yes, I'm just thinking about what might be the biggest of the risks. So with single nucleotide polymorphisms, they are quite stable. They're either one way or the other.  With insertions and deletions, you often have a bit of a sweeping range. If a larger area is missing, then this is sometimes just as defining for the disease as if it is an area that is perhaps three, four, five  base pairs smaller or larger. So it is not so clear what triggers the disease or not. And to integrate something like that into NGS technology is extremely difficult.  Then there are often insertions and deletions in areas of the genome that have a low informative value, where there are a lot of repeats in it, where sometimes  remnants of viral DNA may still be in there, which generally makes the sequencing itself simply impossible. It looks like you could. In practice, however, there is too much interference  And that's often the case with the larger deletions, insertions and all the more complex things. Not with the simple snips. Is it possible to say in general terms... Excuse me? What I also wanted to bring in, you are also limited  in terms of the size of the sequencing products. If they are very large Indells, then you have the problem that you can't sequence this place at all because it's too big for the technology. That's correct. However, there is also something  that can now be reworked in the project with us, because Thermo Fischer has only developed this for his machine, so certain primers are integrated with each other. So if a really huge  sequence is missing, then a primer is placed to the left of the sequence and one to the far right and then it is looked, do I have a product at all? Then I know the giant sequence is gone or I don't have a product, then I just have to make sure that it didn't just not work , but that the long sequence is really there. In some cases, three, four, six pairs of primers are then evaluated with each other for computer purposes, in order to find out at the end whether there is a long insertion or deletion or not.  We have absolutely no experience with that. This was not possible before and should now be possible in the future. What is a very good point in favour of the motion in terms of procedure? So I'm not talking about  the product-specific name of Thermo Fisher, but in general this approach that you combine several primers with each other or can you say multi-primer approach? So for them it's simply an analysis of structural variants. That is perhaps the buzzword.  Before, it's smaller mutation areas, up to 50 base pairs, maybe. Everything that goes beyond that is called structural variant analysis at Thermo Fisher, and that's relatively new. In the case of, or  Can you say in general terms that it is generally difficult to evaluate, characterize DNA insertions in particular with Next Generation Sequencing? Or something else? Will this still be considered a risk ? No, I would actually see that less as a big risk, but rather as an isolated case. Maybe it's also a risk that certain hereditary diseases are of course more important  than others. So even though we may have set ourselves the goal and can achieve the goal of covering 60 percent of hereditary diseases if those diseases that are really relevant in the species are really the relevant ones, because they occur frequently, because they have serious  effects on the animal, on the breeding process, if we can't do that, then we can also cover 99 percent of the tests and we still wouldn't have created a meaningful product. So there are a few critical hereditary diseases that should definitely be included . I would see that as a bigger risk. But we have to justify why there is the imponderability, that they can't determine these hereditary diseases  and therefore the reason would be, for example, DNA and not just the consequence. That's why, if there's any other reason besides DNA, something that's very hard to detect. You could say low complexity,  so regions with low complexity, these are mainly, that's called polynucleotide stretches, so longer, what do I know, 15 times base A in a row to 16 times base A.  We can't get that apart. Such things are extremely risky and if this is the reason for a hereditary disease, then we will not be able to map it with NTS. Wonderful, then I actually have everything in the box for the  application. That was really very helpful. Accordingly, what else would be important now, in addition to the pure text, would still be the expenses. So we have to indicate in the application which people are involved in it  and if there are external costs, then you can, for example, hire another company to do some part here for them, whether it's sample preparation or whatever. Typically, they do it all themselves, but I'm just saying it  only at the point that if they're planning to hire another company in the course of development for something, we'll do that as well. Who would be my contact person for the cost part and the expenditure part? Well,  It's all about HR for us. I will discuss this with our head of department, Ms. Kühnlein. Then I give this information to our HR department and they maintain it all  yes, that fits. The only thing that mattered to me, Mrs Kehl, was whether you would do it again. All right. Okay, good. Then I would actually be done with XXL, cat, dog, horse. Thank you very much for the very valuable input and  The next steps look like this, we work out the application. We are subject to a strict character limit, so do not wonder about the brevity. That's 800 characters per chapter that we've just talked through, so five times 800 characters and then  I'm going to email it to you. We also have an accompanying portal, the so-called IMS portal, where the application can also be accessed. I can make you an account as you wish. I will also send you by e-mail. For this  I only want the e-mail addresses, because Ms. Kehe, they had the e-mails, they had forwarded the invitation. Yes or is it easier if it goes through me, I'll then distribute it to you and get the info back and give it back, what do you two think? I think it's good, otherwise at some point you'll forget someone in the  If someone in the ÖCC wonders why he is no longer up to date. Perfect, wonderful. Then Mrs. Kehl gets the proposal. If there's no more topic with you, Ms. Kühnlein and Ms. Van der Velja, then  we'd be through with it. Now I have a question, you guys are still doing the resistances Alex? Yes, exactly. Is anyone else coming in? No. Okay all right. You don't need us? No. So in the system I saw through  yes, and in the project of resistance, I'm practically not in it. Yes, exactly. Okay, well, then we have to hang up now, just press it, right? That's right, then they're automatically out. Okay, thank you very much and then I wish you good luck  And then I wish you good luck. Thanks, bye  I've already had conversations about the drug preparations for the treatment of antibiotic resistance, bacterial infections. Is that what resistance is now all about? No,  That's something completely different. All right, just for classification. Yes yes exactly. What is the name of this at the moment? Resistance? Maybe we can call it Leishmania resistance. Because it's really mainly about Leishmania.  Could you write that in the chat for a moment? Where is he here? At the top left is Chat. At least for me. I don't know if it's a little different for you. But you have such a menu bar in Teams. Yes.  And there's such an addiction question. Ah, entertainment. Besprechungstit. Enter a message. Ah yes, ok, per  yes, ok, perfect. So I'll have to see if it's too long in terms of characters. Otherwise, I might just call it Leishmania or something. Or larch resistance, something like that. Perfect, yes. Then  I'd actually like to just go back to splitting the screen. I think it's always a bit more structured. Class. Exactly, then let's go to that, or respectively the first one is always the  runtime. When did we start the project? So we started in the middle of last year, at the end of last year, but I might still do, yes, no, I think we'll still start January 23  and then let it run for three years. All right, 23, 24, 25 by the end of June. Perfect, okay when we start again with the goal of the project. So  I'm going to elaborate a little bit, leishmania are parasites that are transmitted through different mosquitoes. This means that the dogs are bitten by the mosquitoes, then get these leishmanias, which then lead to leishmaniasis. And the whole thing can also  affect people. At the moment, this is still a major problem in southern countries, i.e. southern Europe. However, due to climate change, of course, these mosquitoes are coming further and further north, which transmit this larchmania  and sooner or later it will most likely become a problem in Germany. That is, the dog has the mosquito bites on this Leishmania, picks up the eggs of it again and so on and so on  There are now various medications that are taken for the treatment of the dogs. However, these Leishmania develop resistance to it very quickly. Our goal now would be to get a sample  from a dog, to prove that he has leishmania and at the same time to examine these leishmanias to see if they already contain certain resistance genes, so that the doctor can then take the other drug right away, instead of a drug, as with  the bacteria in the end, instead of just giving the wrong drug,  On the one hand, this does not work, and on the other hand, it leads to the formation of even more resistant Leishmania in order to avoid this. That would be the goal, that you kind of give the veterinarians  doctor a tool and say send us a sample. We are investigating the animal Leishmania and these Leishmanias that the animal has resistance genes in order to be able to say which drug is best. Wonderful thank you very much.  On what basis should the investigation of the resistances or the sample in general be carried out? There are already a few publications, there are a lot of groups that are working on which genes are responsible for the resistances  There are already a few publications, there are many groups that are working on which genes are now responsible for the resistance. There is often no change in the genes, but a copy number variation  So these genes are then either multiplied or they are no longer there at all and that's what leads to this resistance and that's what should be investigated on the basis of these scientific publications. And  What we also want to do is to use Next Generation Sequencing to examine the entire genome of the Laschmanns, so to speak. So the first approach would be to search specifically for the genes that are in the publications. And we can prove that  again. In other words, we would then also ask the veterinarians again, are these dogs already treated, do you also see resistance to aluporinol, for example, and we can see, yes we also see what is written in the scientific  publication, that this and that gene is more common or not. And then we also want to examine the complete genomes of the Leishman to see if we can find more genes that are relevant. And that would just  just make the product more attractive if you don't say, okay I'm just looking for an aluporinol resistance or just a miltephoran resistance, but I'll look at everything again and I can then tell you, yes these and the resistances  are there and you don't need that and that at all. Perfect, thank you very much. Could you elaborate on how you ultimately want to characterize whether  other genes are relevant if they are practically not yet published. Are there certain patterns that they then practically read out of the publications and then transfer that to the rest of the  wait, something just happened to me. I don't see them properly anymore. So we would just take a close look at the whole thing via Next Generation Sequencing.  Yes, of course, because they are often copy number variations, you would first focus on whether you see something like that in other genes. But you would also see variations like these snips now, for example, whether you see the genes determined in  heaped, in certain resistant Leishmanns or not. And the characterization of which resistance refers to which drug intolerance or ineffectiveness, would you identify the  series by existing knowledge, by consulting the veterinarians, or is there somehow a direct conclusion from the mode of action of the drug to the change in the genome? So  On the one hand, we would try to evaluate this through questionnaires or consultation with the veterinarians. These Leishmania can also be kept in cell culture. That means we could then create cell cultures of some samples of the Leishmania  And then there are in vitro tests to see whether these Leishmanias still respond to certain drugs or not. Similar to bacteria, where you put antibiotics on it and see if they are still growing or not. Something like this also exists for Leishmania in cell cultures. And you  Of course, you can also look biochemically at what that does. Is it realistic that it somehow has a connection or not? There is then a certain term for this biochemical approach. So if there is  procedure, i.e. a technical term for it, then you would have a few more numerical values for me, so what can be attached here as an objective  Difficult. To be honest, I can't think of anything in this case. On the other hand, sensitivity and specificity, so what is always a classic? yes, that's just a problem  in this case, because I don't know what my gold standard would be. So I always have to see what the veterinarians say. Well, I could just say that I want an 80 percent agreement. If the veterinarian says, yes I see resistance there, then I want to see it 80 percent in my  test material, you could maybe say that. Then maybe also related to the resistances, so what is the 80 percent, this 80 percent value refers to  refers to I can even tell if Leishmania is present yes or no or I recognize resistance. I recognize resistances, so the Leishmania, I have to recognize them in any case, we already have other tests, that's already established,  It's really a matter of seeing whether they're resistant or not. So 80 percent. I would say that 80 percent of the samples that are described as resistant by veterinarians, I would then like to find a resistance gene, so to speak. Maybe you can put it that way. I thought that  I thought that you were detecting this with an NLGS, so to speak, but you practically do that via classical methods. All right. Well, then I would like to go into the distinction from economic stuff.  in? How is it classically viewed and what is new now? There is still no test for these resistances. It's really done in such a way that the veterinarians, when a Leishmania infection  has been dismissed, they just give medication. There are quasi guidelines on how best to do this, so to speak, standard procedures and then they just observe the animal, they then measure again and again how high the leishmania load is and  then stop the medication accordingly, make higher concentration or just take other medications. But an examination that tells them, take this and that, there is a resistance, otherwise there is no resistance at all. Wonderful,  Thank you very much. Is there anything else, i.e. this is now related to resistance, perhaps briefly in relation to NGS, has this ever been used to study Lechmania in general? No,  This has already been used, not with us, but there are publications about it that have just done it. On the one hand, there are different strains to differentiate them, according to epidemiological studies. And also in the direction of resistance  has been looked at, but this is a purely scientific publication. All right, then we can refer to the fact that NGES has so far been used purely for basic research, but not yet commercially. Yes.  Do you also know if that is also the case, so here we have not only that the Leishmania is to be examined with NGS and that is also to be characterized practically on the basis of an animal sample, so to speak, can this also  still be attached as a fight to existing NGS studies? So, as I said, there is nothing at all in diagnostics. But now you mean basic research. Yes, that's where the Leishmans were always bred. In cell culture  only those were examined. That's right, that's another step that we also have to take, because we want to do this examination directly from the sample, so to speak, and then we may have a lot of background through the genomic DNA again. That would be such a risk. Yes, perfect.  Perfect. Then the next chapter would be the differentiation from your technologies. Here we have to refer to Leishmania in general and then to NGS.  We detect Leishmania itself in various sample materials via classical PCA or real-time PCA, but we don't have any resistance genes yet. That would be the innovation, so to speak. And we're not doing any studies  of any parasites about NGS at the moment, we're doing these DNA profiles, as we discussed earlier, from genomic DNA. But studies of parasites has not yet been. Or this other project with Infecto-Scan, which also goes in this direction  Also in this direction, but that's also completely in development, that we want to examine a sample and which pathogens are in it. All right: Here you could also  at NGS go into the fact that they not only examine animal samples, but they isolate the Leishmania from them. Or at least for sample preparation. That makes a difference. You would have to adjust the sample preparation  then so that mainly the parasite DNA is isolated so that you can sequence it in a targeted manner. That you don't have so much background that it gets lost. That's also a sub-project of this Infecto-Scan, but it's more on viruses and that's  and they're parasites. Yes, all right, well, you can also say across the board that for the first time parasites from animal material are to be characterized via NGS  Yes, definitely. All right, then I would like to go back to the last point, namely the risks. Yes, so one risk is that several strains can occur within one animal. So  They get stung a lot and can carry different Leishmania strains, some of which may be resistant and the other not. You have to make sure that you really get everything  displayed, that you can see this variant. That would be a risk. The second thing would be that the publications are not correct, because at the beginning we want to look specifically  at the genes that are in the publications. It could be that there are errors in it, that we detect the genes, but that does not correlate with the clinic, i.e. there is actually no resistance at all. That could be. And  Of course, when we do NGS, it can be again, as with the infection scan, that we just have too much genomic DNA in it. We have to adapt all the preparations to these parasites beforehand. Or that we can't get there  in terms of sensitivity, that we can map all resistance genes. Could you also quantify the sensitivity? Then we would have a numerical value here.  the sensitivity of the resistances then again. Yes, exactly. Yes, I mean, 80% sensitivity has always been something you actually strive for. Okay, well, what's a solution for them to get this genomic DNA, so  so that they bring out the genomic DNA as well as possible? It should also be tried out via Infectoscan whether there are methods to separate it.  The company Nanopore offers various recipes for this. But this, of course, is all for the human sphere. First of all, you have to see if that's possible in the animal  area. If things go really badly, you can also grow the Leishmania in a cell culture and then examine the special hold, so to speak. But that would be very, very time-consuming, very, very expensive. You have to ask yourself if you want to continue the project at all . In other words, one could actually also argue as a risk that the whole technique works for Leishmania in cell culture, but in the end  the animal sample simply cannot be realized in the end. Yes, right. Better. To the expenses. Do you know how many people are supposed to work on it? Yes, so we'll do it again via the HR department. Basically,  I'm going to have a relatively long number of hours there. Then a veterinarian from clinical chemistry has hours there and of course we still need laboratory and I think there will be a second veterinarian either from my department or from clinical chemistry  so that he can have contact with the veterinarians outside. All right, then just a rough overview, that is, four people to no idea ten to 15 percent perhaps. Yes, that's right.  Okay, are any subcontracts still coming in here? So there will certainly be cooperations, but more with universities and then you don't really have any bills. So if you don't pay for the university, then that's not relevant. Yes yes exactly.  yes, exactly, I'm just thinking so loudly. That's why I don't think so at the moment. Okay perfect, then I'm already through with my questions here too. Is there another project or would that be it for now?  I think that's it for now. Completely new things will be added. The other thing with the infection scan, they had sent something again. I would only get the one sentence out.  Exactly, I wanted to talk to you about that, because of course we have to see if we fill the text to see if there might be a replacement for the deletion. I don't know what you're aiming for. I'll probably have to open this up again. Because it doesn't allow you to do that, just that  here today with the EDP. Exactly, but I can also briefly share your e-mail otherwise. Yes, maybe that's the fastest way to do it. So, exactly. Yes, few screenings with EDP  Yes, few screening methods that result on dogs or cats. I don't know what they're actually going to pick up. We wanted to show a little bit the demarcations to the state of the art , so how is this done according to statistics, i.e. how much of the statistics is just not enough. So what we're doing, these are not screening methods, but they're also like  but they're also like packages. But that would have to be worded a little differently. If the dog's nose runs, then we just do herpes calypso, then there are already four or five typical pathogens that you do there.  So these are more like packages that are specific to certain symptoms. But never cover everything that could be there. Maybe you can just rephrase it a bit. Yes, that means you actually have to have an initial guess  and then you examine it specifically. But you don't study the entire genome. That's right, yes. Okay, let's rephrase. Well, we did it. Class. Yes, wonderful. yes,  We still had the one with the mutation, antimutation or something they called it. So with that I still have a bit of a stomach ache, because it's actually already the case that we've already established a lot of hereditary diseases and yes  actually this prototype, as described earlier, has somehow been there for a long time and we just keep expanding it with newly released things. Of course, we also expand our methods or the possibility to map these structural  variants, but I don't know if we can get that many hours together if I really concentrate on that. I have to talk again with Ms. Kühler, with my department head, about how we can do that, whether we can perhaps somehow do another  focus, that we can somehow do it differently, so I would put that on the back burner at the moment, although it is actually the project that is retroactive, all the others are actually not retroactive in terms of time except for this Encore bet  But I'd sit down with Ms. Kühnlein for the next three or four weeks and then I'd give you feedback again. All right, so if we can change the focus, like  What? Mutations, exactly. We can integrate that relatively easily. But then just give me a message about it. Yes. Class. Wonderful. Then thank you very much, Mrs Kehl, for taking the time. And then I wish you a nice week. Same to you. Goodbye. Thank you. Goodbye.