So in the system I saw through: Yes, and in the project Resistances I am practically not in it. Yes, exactly. Okay, well, then it means we have to hang up now, just press it, right? That's right, then they're automatically out. Okay, thank you very much and then I wish you good luck And then I wish you good luck. Thank you, bye-bye I have already had discussions about the drug preparations for the treatment of antibiotic resistance and bacterial infections. Is that what resistance is now all about? No, that's something completely different. All right, just for classification. Yes exactly. What is the name of this at the moment? Resistance? Maybe we can call it Leishmania resistance. Because it's really mainly about Leishmania.  Could you write that down in the chat? Where is he here? At the top left is Chat. At least for me. I don't know if it's a little different for you. But you have such a menu bar in Teams. Yes.  And there is such an addiction question. Ah, entertainment. meeting title. Enter a message. Ah yes, ok, per yes, ok, perfect. So I'll have to see if it's too long in terms of characters. Otherwise, I might just call it Leishmania or something. Or larch resistance, something like that. Perfect, yes. Then I would actually like to just continue with the screen splitting again. I think it's always a bit more structured. Class. Exactly, then let's go to that, or respectively the first is always the runtime. When did we start the project? So we started in the middle of last year, at the end of last year, but I might still do, yes, no, I think we'll still start January 23 and then let it run for three years. All right, 23, 24, 25 by the end of June. Perfect, okay when we start again with the goal of the project. So I'm going to elaborate a bit, leishmania are parasites that are transmitted via various mosquitoes. This means that the dogs are bitten by the mosquitoes, then get these leishmania, which then lead to leishmaniasis. And the whole thing can also affect people. At the moment, this is still a major problem in southern countries, i.e. southern Europe. However, due to climate change, of course, these mosquitoes are coming further and further north, which transmit these larch manias, so to speak, and sooner or later it will most likely become a problem in Germany. This means that the dog has the mosquito bites on these leishmaniasis, picks up the eggs of it again and so on and so on. There are now various medications that are taken for the treatment of the dogs. However, these Leishmania develop resistance to it very quickly. Our goal now would be to get a sample from a dog, to prove that he has Leishmania and at the same time to examine these Leishmania to see if they already contain certain resistance genes, so that the doctor can then take the other drug instead of a drug, as is the case with the bacteria in the end, instead of giving the wrong drug,  On the one hand, this does not work, and on the other hand, it leads to the formation of even more resistant Leishmania in order to avoid this. That would be the goal, that you give the veterinarians a tool and say, send us a sample. We study the animal Leishmania and have these Leishmania that the animal has, resistance genes, in order to be able to say which drug is best. Wonderful thank you very much.  On what basis should the investigation of the resistance or the sample in general be carried out? There are already a few publications, there are many groups that are working on which genes are responsible for the resistances. There are already a few publications, there are many groups that are now working on which genes are now responsible for the resistance. There is often no change in the genes, but a copy number variation. So these genes are then either multiplied or they are no longer there at all and this leads to this resistance and this is to be investigated on the basis of these scientific publications. And what we also want to do is to use Next Generation Sequencing to examine the entire Leishmania genome, so to speak. So the first approach would be to search specifically for the genes that are in the publications. And we can also look at it again. In other words, we would then also ask the veterinarians again, are these dogs already treated, do you also see resistance to allopurinol, for example, and we can see, yes we also see what is written in the scientific publication, that this and that gene is more common or not. And then we also want to examine the complete genomes of the Leishmania to see if we can find more genes that are relevant. And that would simply make the product more attractive if you don't say, okay, I'm just looking for an allopurinol resistance or only for a Milteforan resistance, but I'll look at everything again and I can then tell you, yes such and such resistances are present and you don't need this and that at all. Perfect, thank you very much. Could you elaborate on how you ultimately want to characterize whether other genes are relevant if they are not yet published? Are there certain patterns that they then practically read out of the publications and then transferred to the rest of the moment, something has just happened to me. I don't see them properly anymore. So we would just take a close look at the whole thing via Next Generation Sequencing.  Yes, of course, because they are often also copy number variations, one would first focus on whether one sees something like this in other genes. But you would also look at variations like these SNPs, for example, to see whether or not you see them clustered in certain genes, in certain resistant Leishmania. And the characterization of which resistance refers to which drug intolerance or ineffectiveness, would you identify the series by existing knowledge, by consulting the veterinarians, or is there somehow a direct conclusion from the mode of action of the drug to the change in the genome? So, on the one hand, we would try to evaluate this by means of questionnaires or consultation with the veterinarians. These Leishmania can also be kept in cell culture. In other words, we could then create cell cultures of some samples from the Leishmania, so to speak, and then there are in vitro tests to see whether these Leishmania still respond to certain drugs or not. Similar to bacteria, where you put antibiotics on it and see if they are still growing or not. Something like this also exists for Leishmania in cell cultures. And then, of course, you can also look biochemically at what it does. Is it realistic that it somehow has a connection or not? There is then a certain term for this biochemical approach. So if there is a technical term for it, then they would have a few more numerical values, so for me what can be attached as an objective here difficult. To be honest, I can't think of anything in this case. On the other hand, sensitivity and specificity, so what is always a classic? Yes, that's just a problem in this case, because I don't know what my gold standard would be. So I always have to see what the veterinarians say. Well, I could just say that I want an 80 percent agreement. If the veterinarian says, yes, I see resistance there, then I want to see 80 percent of it in my test material, you could perhaps say that. Then maybe also related to the resistances, i.e. what is the 80 percent, this 80 percent value refers to the I can tell at all whether Leishmania is present, yes or no or I recognize resistance. I recognize resistances, i.e. Leishmania, which I have to recognize in any case, we already have other tests, that is already established, It is now really a matter of seeing whether they are resistant or not. So 80 percent. I would say that 80 percent of the samples that are described as resistant by veterinarians, I would then like to find a resistance gene, so to speak. Maybe you can put it that way. I thought that I thought that you would first detect this with an NLGS, so to speak, but you practically do that using classical methods. All right. Well, then I would like to go into the distinction from economic stuff.  shrink? How is it classically viewed and what is new now? There is still no test for these resistances. It is really done in such a way that the veterinarians then, if a Leishmania infection has been dismissed, they give just medication. There are quasi guidelines on how best to do this, so to speak, standard procedures and then they just observe the animal, they then measure again and again how high the leishmania load is and then adjust the medication accordingly, make higher concentration or take other medications. But an examination that tells them, take this and that, there's resistance there, otherwise there's no resistance at all. Wonderful, thank you very much. Is there anything else, so this is now in relation to resistance, perhaps briefly in relation to NGS, has this ever been used to study Leishmania in general? No, this has already been used, not with us, but there are publications about it that have just done it. On the one hand, there are different strains to differentiate them, according to epidemiological studies. And resistance has also been looked at, but this is a purely scientific publication. All right, then we can refer to the fact that NGES has so far been used purely for basic research, but not yet commercially. Yes.  Do you also know whether this is also the case, so here we not only have that the Leishmania is to be examined with NGS and that this is also to be characterized practically on the basis of an animal sample, so to speak, can this also be applied as a fight to existing NGS investigations? So, as I said, there is nothing at all in diagnostics. But now you mean basic research. Yes, that's where the Leishmania were always bred. In cell culture, only those were examined. That's right, that's another step that we also have to take, because we want to do this investigation directly from the sample, so to speak, and then we may have a lot of background through the genomic DNA again. That would be such a risk. Yes, perfect.  Perfect. Then the next chapter would be the differentiation from your technologies. Here we have to refer to Leishmania in general and then to NGS.  We detect Leishmania itself in various sample materials via classical PCA or real-time PCA, but we do not yet have any resistance genes. That would be the innovation, so to speak. And at the moment we are not doing any studies of any parasites about NGS, but we are doing these DNA profiles, as discussed earlier, from genomic DNA. But studies of parasites has not yet been. Or rather, this other project with Infecto-Scan, which is also going in this direction, but it is also completely under development, that we want to examine a sample and which pathogens are in it. All right: NGS could also point out that they not only examine animal samples, but also isolate Leishmania from them. Or at least for sample preparation. That makes a difference. You would then have to adjust the sample preparation so that mainly the parasite DNA is isolated so that it can be sequenced in a targeted manner. That you don't have so much background that it gets lost. That's also a sub-project of this Infecto-Scan, but it's more on viruses and they are parasites. Yes, all right, well, one can also say in general terms that for the first time parasites from animal material are to be characterized by NGS Yes, definitely. All right, then I would like to go back to the last point, namely the risks. Yes, so one risk is that several strains can occur within one animal. So they are often stung and can then carry different Leishmania strains in them, of which perhaps only one part is resistant and the other is not. You have to make sure that you really get everything pictured, that you can see this variant. That would be a risk. The second would be that the publications are not correct, because at the beginning we want to look specifically at the genes that are in the publications. It could be that there are errors in it, that we detect the genes, but that does not correlate with the clinic, i.e. there is actually no resistance at all. That could be. And if we then do NGS, it can of course be again, as with the infection scan, that we just have too much genomic DNA in it. We have to adapt all the preparations to these parasites beforehand. Or that we don't have the sensitivity to be able to map all resistance genes. Could you also quantify the sensitivity? Then we would have a numerical value here.  the sensitivity of the resistances then again. Yes, exactly. Yes, I mean, 80% sensitivity has always been something you actually strive for. Okay, well, what's a solution for them to bring out this genomic DNA, so that they bring out the genomic DNA as well as possible? It should also be tried out via Infecto-Scan whether there are methods to separate it.  The company Nanopore offers various recipes for this. But this, of course, is all for the human sphere. First of all, you have to see if this is also possible in the animal sector. If things go really badly, you can also grow the Leishmania in a cell culture and then examine the special hold, so to speak. But that would be very time-consuming, very expensive. You have to ask yourself whether you want to continue the project at all. In other words, one could actually also argue as a risk that the whole technique works for Leishmania in cell culture, but in the end the animal sample simply cannot be realized. Yes, right. Better. To the expenses. Do you know how many people are supposed to work on it? Yes, so we'll do it again via the HR department. In principle, I will have a relatively large number of hours there. Then a veterinarian from clinical chemistry has hours there and of course we still need a laboratory and I think there will be a second veterinarian from either my department or from clinical chemistry so that he can have contact with the veterinarians outside. All right, then just a rough overview, that is, four people to no idea ten to 15 percent perhaps. Yes, that's right.  Okay, do any subcontractors still come in here? So there will certainly be cooperations, but more with universities and then you don't really have any bills. So if you don't pay for the university, then that's not relevant. Yes yes exactly.  Yes, exactly, I'm just thinking so loudly. That's why I don't think so at the moment. Okay perfect, then I'm already through with my questions here too. Is there another project or would that be it for now?  I think that would be it for now. Completely new things will be added. The other thing with the infection scan, they had sent something again. I would only get the one sentence out.  Exactly, I wanted to talk to you about that, because of course we have to make sure that we fill in the text to see if there is perhaps a replacement for the deletion. I don't know what you're aiming for. I'll probably have to open this up again. Because it doesn't allow you to do that, just that's what IT is doing here today. Exactly, but I can also briefly share your e-mail otherwise. Yes, maybe that's the fastest way to do it. So, exactly. Yes, few screening with EDP Yes, few screening methods that result from dogs or cats. I don't know what they're actually going to pick up. We wanted to show a bit of the demarcations to the state of the art, i.e. how this is done according to statistics, i.e. how much of the statistics is not enough. So what we're doing is not screening methods, it's like, it's like packages. But that would have to be worded a little differently. If the dog's nose runs, then we just do herpes calypso, then there are already four or five typical pathogens that you do there.  So these are more like packages that are then specific to certain symptoms. But never cover everything that could be there. Maybe you can just rephrase it a bit. Yes, that means you actually have to have an initial guess and then you examine it specifically. But you don't study the entire genome. That's right, yes. Okay, let's rephrase. Well, we did it. Class. Yes, wonderful. Yes, we still had the one with the mutation, antimutation or whatever they called it. So with that I still have a bit of a stomach ache overall, because it is, actually already the case, that we have already established a lot of hereditary diseases and yes actually this prototype, as described earlier, has been there for a long time and we just keep expanding it with newly released things. Of course, we also expand our methods or the possibility of mapping these structural variants now, but I don't know if we can get that many hours together if I really concentrate on that. I have to talk to Mrs. Kühler again, to my head of department, about how we can do that, whether we can perhaps somehow make a different focus, that we can somehow do it differently, so I would put that on the back burner at the moment, although it is actually the project that is retroactive, all the others are actually not retroactive from the time to But I would sit down with Mrs. Kühnlein for the next three or four weeks and then I would give you feedback again. All right, so if we can change the focus, such as What is that? Mutations, exactly. We can integrate that relatively easily. But then just give me a message about it. Yes. Class. Wonderful. Then thank you very much, Mrs. Kehl, for taking the time. And then I wish you a nice week. Same to you. Goodbye. Thank you. Goodbye.